---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudconnexa_network_connector Data Source - terraform-provider-cloudconnexa"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use an cloudconnexa_connector data source to read an existing CloudConnexa connector.
---

# cloudconnexa_network_connector (Data Source)

Use an `cloudconnexa_connector` data source to read an existing CloudConnexa connector.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the connector.
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the connector.
- `ip_v4_address` (String) The IPV4 address of the connector.
- `ip_v6_address` (String) The IPV6 address of the connector.
- `ipsec_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipsec_config))
- `network_id` (String) The id of the network with which the connector is associated.
- `profile` (String, Sensitive) OpenVPN profile
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Connector token
- `vpn_region_id` (String) The id of the region where the connector is deployed.

<a id="nestedatt--ipsec_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipsec_config`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_type` (String)
- `ca_certificate` (String)
- `dead_peer_handling` (String)
- `domain` (String)
- `fuzz_percent` (Number)
- `hostname` (String)
- `margin_time_sec` (Number)
- `peer_certificate` (String)
- `peer_certificate_key_passphrase` (String)
- `peer_certificate_private_key` (String)
- `phase_1_diffie_hellman_groups` (List of String)
- `phase_1_encryption_algorithms` (List of String)
- `phase_1_integrity_algorithms` (List of String)
- `phase_1_lifetime_sec` (Number)
- `phase_2_diffie_hellman_groups` (List of String)
- `phase_2_encryption_algorithms` (List of String)
- `phase_2_integrity_algorithms` (List of String)
- `phase_2_lifetime_sec` (Number)
- `platform` (String)
- `pre_shared_key` (String)
- `protocol_version` (String)
- `remote_gateway_certificate` (String)
- `remote_site_public_ip` (String)
- `replay_window_size` (Number)
- `startup_action` (String)
- `timeout_sec` (Number)
